I really feel at this point in my life that I have a better attitude
about life, love, living and my situation. I have always trusted in the lord that
What I have to give is going to be significant in some sort of way. 
I read (ed) my patriarichal blessing tonight and it was very affirming. 
I felt the love of the savior as I read what kinds of things he needed me to know. 
I felt strongly that I need to be more of service to others and also to 
let go of judgment as it says. I know that I can be a better man than I am now. 
I was also very happy to read that I will be a provider, a patriarch, and a father who loves his kids completely.
I felt the spirit as I read, I know that I will be able to become what I need to be for myself, the lord and my family. 
I love this work and I am proud to be here on earth enjoying my experience int he time i was appointed to go. 

I think that this was a good exercise in watching a video and not looking at the keys. I need to become a much more proficient typer if I really want to be a good programmer. 
I am going to create games, develop the web and make sure that everythiing that I do is going to be a good user experience for anyone visiting or trying out my programs/games. 
I really do love the work I am learning,  feel like I can be of much more help, going into development, than I would almost anywhere else. I will be able to touch more people and give them a better experience than anything else I can do. 
I know that I am going to do well and provide to the best of my abilities and needs. 
I will take care of my family, protecting them from the evils of the world. 
I will teach my kids to be good men and women. To be steadfast in the lord and in his gospel.
I have FELT that all these things are right(correct) and know that god knows and I know that he knows that I know. 

Dear Father. I love thee and the work thou hast set out for me to do. I know that the things that I have felt have been true. The things that have been spoken to me have been an outpouring of wisdom and guidance for my life. 